Add documentation regarding specification URL and OData (#3697)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/docs/03-07-api-registration.md

---

> title: API registration in Application Registry

Reviewer: Done!

type: Details
---

> ### Supported formats

Reviewer: Done!

> The Application Registry supports API Specification in the following formats:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Application Registry supports the following formats of the API specification:
```

Reviewer: Done!

- OpenAPI 2.0

> - OData 2.0

Reviewer 3: OData XML is supported in the following versions: 2.0,3.0,4.0. OData JSON is not supported by documentation subsystem and won't be displayed in console.

Reviewer: Done!

### Registration methods

> Application Registry supports two ways of passing API spec:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can pass the API specification in two ways:
```

Reviewer: Done!

> - in JSON format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- JSON format
```

> - by `SpecificationUrl`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `SpecificationUrl`
```

Reviewer: Done!

> >**NOTE:** Specification passed directly as a JSON has a higher priority than `SpecificationUrl`, which in such case will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Specification passed directly as a JSON has a higher priority than `SpecificationUrl`.  If you use these two methods at once, `SpecificationUrl` is ignored.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd move this note at the end of the document.

Reviewer: Done!

> For OpenAPI format both methods are supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the OpenAPI format, both methods are supported.
```

Reviewer: Done!

> OData APIs can only be registered with `SpecificationUrl`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can register OData APIs only with `SpecificationUrl`.
```

Reviewer: Done!
